UCP limitation of UCP disk free monitoring and associated Prom metric (#8270)
docker/docker.github.io: datacenter/ucp/2.0/guides/monitor/index.md

know which UCP manager node is not healthy. So make sure you make a request
directly to each manager node.

## Monitoring disk usage

> Web UI disk usage metrics, including free space, only reflect the Docker managed portion of the filesystem: `/var/lib/docker`.  To monitor the total space available on each filesystem of a UCP worker or manager, you must deploy a monitoring solution, such as  Prometheus Node Exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web UI disk usage metrics, including free space, only reflect the Docker managed portion of the filesystem: `/var/lib/docker`.  To monitor the total space available on each filesystem of a UCP worker or manager, you must deploy a third party monitoring solution to monitor the operating system.
```

> Web UI disk usage metrics, including free space, only reflect the Docker managed portion of the filesystem: `/var/lib/docker`.  To monitor the total space available on each filesystem of a UCP worker or manager, you must deploy a monitoring solution, such as  Prometheus Node Exporter.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the web UI looks like in UCP 2.0 and whether this applies or not.
